[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] The Straw Hats
formed an alliance with Law
and launched an attack
on the Warlord, Doflamingo,
who had controlled
the Kingdom of Dressrosa
and threatened to
kill its people.
In one harrowing
battle after another,
the Straw Hats and
their allies defeated
each of the Don Quixote
Family Executives,
until finally, Luffy took down
Doflamingo himself.
Let's hurry!
[LUFFY]
"The Strongest Creature!
One of the Four Emperors -
Kaido, King of the Beasts!"
[LUFFY snoring]
[snoring]
Luffy's been sleeping
like a baby for a while now.
So much for spending time
with his long-lost brother.
He'll be disappointed, won't he?
[crying] Wow, what a great guy.
I'm so touched.
I can't fix myself!
[ROBIN chuckles]
Should I lend you a hand?
[KYROS]
He's truly a good brother.
I'm sorry, did we wake you up?
Oh. So I guess you
heard Sabo's story.
[KYROS]
I caught the last half.
If our talking didn't wake ya,
that snore would've
done the job.
You think it's time
he got out of bed?
[KYROS] No, let him sleep
as much as he wishes.
I brought him here so that
he would have
a chance to recover.
By the way, I may have some
alcohol in the kitchen cellar.
Yeah? I'll go see! Ha.
[KYROS] No matter how much
I could thank Luffyland,
it would never be enough.
The hope he gave to
the people of Dressrosa
means more than
any of us can express.
Thanks to all of you,
our kingdom will
be changed forever.
The pain that you're
feeling right now
is from the injuries
you sustained
on behalf of our people.
We must repay you
any way we can.
Let's start with drinks.
[KYROS]
You're staying up late.
Yeah, do you mind?
[KYROS]
No.
[sighs] Heh. At some point I'd
really like to spar with you.
Coming from a swordsman of
your caliber, that's an honor.
Maybe someday
when our wounds heal.
[ZORO]
Sure. You can have the rest.
Huh? Well, it was
my bottle, but thanks.
Guess I'll take a nap.
Hey, got any meat?
Rebecca.
Soldier!
[KYROS] I saw the list of
competitors in the colosseum.
I asked you not to enter.
Why did you do it?
[REBECCA]
Because... Because I'll win!
You'll see! I promise!
When I do, please come back!
I just want you to stay with me!
[NARRATOR] Meanwhile,
the team we might call
the "Curly Hat Crew"
continues their journey
to a mysterious new island.
[LAW]
Here's the plan.
I want you to head
to Zou. And take him.
[NARRATOR] Before they split up
from Luffy's group in Dressrosa,
Law insisted that the Curly Hats
bring along Caesar Clown,
the mad scientist
from Punk Hazard
who had eaten the Gas-Gas Fruit.
But on the way there,
the group was
targeted by Big Mom,
one of the Four Emperors.
Her intention was to capture
Caesar for her own purposes.
I am begging you!
I don't want to be
captured by Big Mom!
Please, it'll be the end of me!
Look, I stole research
funds from her, okay?
Well, lucky for you,
our whole plan is screwed
if we hand you over,
so shuddup, okay?
[LUFFY]
You guys move on ahead to Zou!
[CAESAR] Unbelievable!
To think, after all the effort
it took to escape
Big Mom's ship!
[growls] Why would you want
to make any more trouble?
[SANJI] What makes you
think you get a vote?
Quit whining!
You can't just order me around!
[screams]
I don't have time for
your little tantrum!
Don't you dare kick me!
I'm saying this as
a warning to your crew!
You shouldn't stick
your nose into their affairs!
I wanted to wait for
the ship quietly, but no!
You just had to go
rushing ahead!
Shut up and do
what I tell you to!
Can you handle that?
'Cause I could crush your heart
and not lose any sleep over it!
[CAESAR]
Fine! But I don't like it!
Coming to shore was
the best idea.
There's still a chance
we can save them.
But we need you
to cooperate with us!
[CAESAR] If I'm so important,
perhaps you should be nicer!
[SANJI]
What was that?
Haven't you taunted me enough?
[CHOPPER]
We need to hurry!
I'll take as much time
as I see fit! Noisy raccoon.
I'm a reindeer, pal!
As if there's any difference!
Of course there is!
Now shut up and let's go!
Listen, if they die,
I'm gonna make sure
you pay for it!
We need your help.
So move your butt!
Whoa, it's really hard
to run on this ground!
I wish we hadn't been separated
from Sanji and the others!
This is awful! We were too
focused on that mysterious girl!
[NAMI gasps]
Ah! Nami! I'll help you!
I'll help myself, thank you!
[BROOK] Huh?! Chivalry's
as dead as I am!
Thanks for breaking my fall.
Look out! They're coming!
[NAMI]
Huh?
[SHEEPSHEAD]
Yeehaw!
[BOTH gasp]
[chuckles]
[GINRUMMY chuckles]
Too bad, huh? We caught ya.
Now, tell us where
you hid the young lady.
Huh?
[SHEEPSHEAD] And how'd you
invaders get onto this island?
Ha?
Answer me!
Not just anyone could--
[BOTH gasp]
What?
Oh dear, what is it now?
[BEASTS PIRATE A]
Here comes a Rain-Ruption!
Again?
[ALL gasp]
[BEASTS PIRATE A]
Take cover!
What's going on here?
Is it raining?
No, it's more like a geyser!
[screams] It's coming!
It's coming! It's coming!
We must flee quickly!
[BOTH]
No!
[MOMONOSUKE]
Begone, water!
I'll protect you,
whatever may happen to me!
[yells]
[screams]
Nami! Momonosuke!
Help me!
I'm drowning!
Man! You Devil Fruit guys
are so delicate!
[BROOK] I'm sorry, Nami!
I'm useless to you now!
[SHEEPSHEAD] Hey, get back here!
You damn invaders!
[NAMI panting]
[BOTH panting]
Come on! Don't just lay there!
Uh... You're a real lifesaver.
[NAMI]
You get up, too, Momo.
Thank you so much.
Whenever you're in doubt...
...y'better carve 'em up!
Yee-haw!
[gasps]
Ask questions later.
Kill for now!
Yee-haw!
[NAMI]
Brook!
Be careful!
[BROOK]
This time, I can protect you!
Allow me to take care of him!
Don't get cocky!
Now, Sheep's Horn! Go!
[screams]
What's with his arms?
How frightful!
Come at me!
Gladly! Soul Parade!
[SHEEPSHEAD grunts]
Oh! Bone-kichi's so brave!
[BROOK]
What kind of ability is this?
[SHEEPSHEAD chuckles]
[SANJI]
Brook! Keep him occupied!
[both] Huh?
[SANJI]
Diable! Mouton Mallet!
[SHEEPSHEAD groans]
Master Sheepshead, no!
[NAMI]
Hey, Sanji!
[SANJI]
Ah! Nami, my sweet!
[GINRUMMY]
Who are you monsters?
Took the words right outta my--
Ugh. What a creep!
[PIRATE A]
Miss Ginrummy!
[GINRUMMY]
All of you, retreat, now!
Master Sheepshead
has been defeated!
[PIRATES gasp]
But we haven't found
the samurai yet!
He hasn't shown himself,
even after we
pushed them this far.
Go report that there's
no samurai here!
[PIRATES]
Right!
[MOMONOSUKE sighs]
[NAMI]
Hey, guys! Look at that!
Huh?
[NAMI]
The water's draining.
Wonder what that was all about.
This place is rather odd.
[NAMI]
I hope that girl's okay, too.
She moves faster than we do,
so I'm sure she's fine.
[NAMI]
Good point.
[SANJI]
Huh?
[CHOPPER] Hey, everybody!
Get over here, quick!
That's Chopper'emon!
Let us make haste!
[SANJI] You're right,
we've got no time to lose!
[PIRATES chattering]
[BOTH]
Huh?
[gasps]
What the hell?
[PIRATES scream]
[gasps] They're out cold!
Captain! There's a giant hole!
A hole?
[KID PIRATE A]
Something fell here!
[KID PIRATE B]
Arm yourselves!
[KID PIRATES]
Yeah!
[KID PIRATE A]
There!
[BOTH gasp]
That crater. It's massive.
What could've made this?
[APOO] Yeah, and who
the heck's responsible?
[KID PIRATE C] Wait, it's kinda
shaped like a person.
[HAWKINS gasps] That's right.
I did hear a legend once
about a Sky Island where
a great monster lives.
I believe it's
somewhere around here.
[APOO]
Huh? Let me get this straight.
That thing fell
from a Sky Island?
Captain Kid!
The impact was so bad it just
capsized one of our ships!
Capsized it? Who's behind this?
I'll set 'em straight!
[NARRATOR] The strong survive
and the weak perish.
That is the way our world
has always been.
[NARRATOR]
A few minutes prior.
Well, what do we have here?
I don't know, but we
should leave him alone!
He must be crazy!
We're 30,000 feet high,
that's not exactly a short drop.
[NARRATOR] This was a man
who was desperately
in search of a place to die.
Who am I to stop him?
[NARRATOR]
He'd had an eventful life.
As a pirate, he had
tasted defeat seven times,
and on 18 separate occasions,
he'd been captured by
the Navy or enemy ships.
[NARRATOR] He'd spent
quite some time as a prisoner.
And suffered through torture,
again and again.
[NARRATOR] His objective
was to take his own life
by the unusual means of
plummeting off the
edge of a Sky Island.
[NARRATOR] And now,
we return to the present.
[NARRATOR] To reiterate,
this is a man who repeatedly
challenged the Navy
and the Four Emperors,
was captured 18 times,
and was sentenced
to death 40 times.
When he was hanged,
the chain crumbled into pieces.
When he was sent to be beheaded,
the guillotine blade shattered.
[NARRATOR] When he was
to be impaled, the spear broke.
Additionally, he sank
a total of nine prison vessels.
In other words, no one was
capable of killing him.
In fact, he was incapable
of killing himself.
[KID PIRATES scream]
[gasps] Now what's happening?
[KILLER]
Crap! It really is a monster!
[MAN]
Aw jeez. My head hurts.
So I survived again.
Why is it so hard to die?
That doddering old Whitebeard.
He pulled it off easy!
[gasping]
[NARRATOR] The man who longed
for a place to die.
King of the Beasts, Kaido.
[NARRATOR] Those who know
of him have a certain saying.
"If it's one-on-one,
always bet on Kaido."
Whether on land,
at sea, or in the air,
it's a widely-held belief
that this terrifying pirate
is more powerful than
any other living creature.
Well, looks like
I have no choice.
[gasps]
[groans]
[KAIDO]
Dammit all!
Hurry up, Joker!
It's time for the
final battle. Get ready!
[KAIDO] If this dreary world
is destroyed, so be it.
Let's start history's
greatest war!
Are you with me?
[NARRATOR] Dressrosa celebrates
their new princess,
as well as King Riku's return
to the throne after ten years.
But when Fujitora is confronted
by the Navy's heavyweights,
Inspector General Sengoku
and Great Advisor Tsuru,
the die he casts will spell the
fate of Luffy and his friends!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Fujitora Takes Action!
The Complete Siege
of the Straw Hats!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!